LIAR'S DICE

Liar's Dice is a multiplayer dice game played with atleast two
players and no upper limit. The objective of the game is to
make a correct guess or correctly call another player a liar.
Bluffing is not only allowed, it is encouraged.


TERMINOLOGY

"Pool"		- The total number of dice across all players.
"Stash"		- The number of dice given to each player.
"Forfeit"	- a punishment decided upon by the group of
		  players prior to the commencement of the game.

RULES:

1. Liar's Dice may only be played by 2 or more players. If there
   are more than 2 player's, play rotation must be determined in
   advance.

2. Each player is allotted 5 dice.

3. Player One is determined by each player rolling all their
   dice. Whoever has the highest total will become Player
   One. If there are two or more players with the highest
   total, all players must roll again. Continue until there
   is at most one player with the highest total.

4. Play begins. All players roll their dice.

5. Player One calls how many dice of a certain value are in
   the pool. For example, "three sixes". At the beginning of
   their turn each player will be shown their own stash and
   will have the option of calling Player One a liar or
   accept their call and move on to the next Player.
   (Note: Player One need not have any sixes in their stash,
   bluffing is encouraged. What matters is whether or not
   the other players believe the call.)

6. If all Players accept Player One's call, the next Player
   becomes Player Two. Player Two must now make their own
   call, however the number of dice they call must be
   greater than that of Player One. For example if Player One
   called "three sixes", Player Two's call would be something
   similar to "four twos" or "five threes". An invalid call
   would be "two sixes". If Player Two's call is accepted by
   all players then repeat from rule 5 with the calling player
   being the next player in the play rotation.

7. If any Player does not believe another Player's call, then
   the player that made the call is called out as a liar. All
   Players will reveal their dice. If the liar is correct then
   they win the round and the player who called them out as a
   liar must pay the forfeit. If the liar is incorrect, then
   they must pay the forefeit and the player that called them
   out is declared the winner. Once the forfeit is paid, the
   round is over and the winner begins the next round.

8. Subsequent rounds continue until the Players decide to quit.*

